I'm sure you've researched transaction management in Spring,
and you've come across the term transaction template,
or maybe even the platform transaction manager.
These are used with programmatic transaction management,
and we will see these in action later.
Just know that the transaction template is similar to other Spring
templates and that Spring makes available several implementations
of the platform transaction manager interface for handling
transactions across Hibernate, JDBC, JPA,
JMS, and more.
In fact, there are several transaction managers available in Spring,
the platform transaction manager, the Jta transaction manager,
the Hibernate transaction manager, the DataSource transaction manager,
and the Jpa transaction manager, etc.
I especially like the HibernateTransactionManager because it goes
back to the concept of the uniform API that uses the features of
Hibernate transactions while maintaining the advantage of Spring's unified transaction abstraction.